Migrate nonlocal games #1596 task1 classical (#1710)
microsoft/qsharp: katas/content/nonlocal_games/index.md

 - Greenberger-Horne-Zeilinger game (often abbreviated as GHZ game)
 - The Mermin-Peres Magic Square (entanglement) game

**What you should know to start working on this kata:**
 - Basic linear algebra
 - Single and multi-qubit systems
 - Single and multi-qubit gates
 - Single-qubit system measurements

@[section]({
    "id": "nonlocal_games__chsh_game",
    "title": "CHSH game"
})

The **CHSH Game** quantum kata is a series of exercises designed
to get you familiar with the CHSH game.

In it, two players (Alice and Bob) try to win the following game:

Each of them is given a bit (Alice gets X and Bob gets Y), and
they have to return new bits (Alice returns A and Bob returns B)
so that X ∧ Y = A ⊕ B. The trick is, they can not communicate during the game.

> * ∧ is the standard bitwise AND operator.
> * ⊕ is the exclusive or, or XOR operator, so (P ⊕ Q) is true if exactly one of P and Q is true.

* You can read more about CHSH game in the [lecture notes](https://cs.uwaterloo.ca/~watrous/QC-notes/QC-notes.20.pdf) by
  John Watrous.
* At the end of the section you can find an implementation of the CHSH game that includes an explanation of the history and theory behind the game. 

> @[section]({

Author: "To start with..." sentence is added

    "id": "nonlocal_games__chsh_game_classical",
    "title": "Part I. Classical CHSH"
})

@[exercise]({
    "id": "nonlocal_games__chsh_classical_win_condition",
    "title": "Win Condition",
    "path": "./chsh_classical_win_condition/"
})

@[exercise]({
    "id": "nonlocal_games__chsh_classical_strategy",
    "title": "Alice and Bob's classical strategy",
    "path": "./chsh_classical_strategy/"
})

@[section]({
    "id": "nonlocal_games__conclusion", 
    "title": "Conclusion" 
})

> Congratulations! In this kata you learned how to communicate using quantum entanglement in nonlocal quantum games.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations! In this kata you learned how to use quantum entanglement in nonlocal quantum games to get results that are better than any classical strategy can offer.
```
